test: bgscan report with image verification rule passing (#6728)
kyverno/kyverno: test/conformance/kuttl/reports/background/verify-image-pass/README.md

# Title

> This test create an image verification policy runing in the background.
> It then creates a pod that satisfies the policy.
> Note: the pod has to be created first because we don't want the policy to apply at admission time.

Author: ```suggestion
This test creates a pod using a valid signed image.
It then creates an image verification policy running in the background.

Note: the pod has to be created first because we don't want the policy to apply at admission time.
```
